Now the final piece in the onset level is to define your budget and Cheryl.
So just remind you again we're still in the sounds great tool at the outset level.
Final piece here is bhajis and said Joel when we can actually get this done pretty quickly.
But it is important that you understand the different options here for your campaign.
Now by default Facebook will suggest a daily budget for you and you can see this.
This is popping up for me in my example as 20 euros per day.
Now you can edit this very easily just clicking on it and changing it around.
Now one thing that you should keep in mind as you set your daily budget is that there are minimums on
Facebook and those minimum daily budgets will that will depend on the campaign objective that you have
chosen.
So for example if I try and put in one euro here as my daily budget I'm going to go and get a notification
here and it says the budget for this odd set must be at least five euros and that's because my campaign
objective is really to get clicks to a Web site on the minimum budget for that type of campaign is €5
per day.
So I'm going to actually say that this is 10 years maybe low.
The daily budget once you have set up the next thing to really define is your schedule and really when
you'd like your ads to appear and this is worth giving a little bit of thought to because by default
you're are both scheduled to run continuously starting today.
Now I am creating the sod on a Saturday.
Personally I would prefer to start it on a Monday because I think people are probably more likely to
take those click through as they're going to be in work and maybe a little bit more serious about actually
taking the action rather than just maybe browsing on the weekend.
So what I'm going to do is instead of leave it at the default option set a start and end date.
And as you change these dates an important thing to do is keep an eye on the sentence here that shows
you a summary of when your ads will run on the Baaja that you will spend.
So right now it says your ads will run for 30 days and you'll spend no more than 300 euros.
Now what I'm going to do is just change this so I'm going to start this on Monday.
And I am going to change this and and get it to end on Thursday.
So that's why it's important to keep an eye on this sentence here because even when you set the dates
it is actually a little bit confusing but when it comes up.
So there we go three days going to spend more than 30 years.
And really this is where you want to check that everything is in order and that's going to be no surprises.
So for a first campaign it is probably a good idea to set a start and end date.
So you know how much you're going to spend on you're not going to get any surprises moving down after
you have shed set the shed jewel.
You can see here optimization for delivery.
And this says little clicks here and this is really you just want to check that this is as you want
it to be.
Remember that the campaign objective for this example is to get clicks to a Web site.
So I want mine to be build on that basis on the basis of getting link clicks and not on getting just
impressions.
I don't want people just to see my ad.
I want people to actually click through and I want Facebook to optimize for my campaign on that basis.
They're moving then after optimization for ad delivery you can see bidda meant and by default this is
set to Automatic.
Now this is one of the few areas where you want to leave it on automatic.
Now remember that Facebook ads and the ad platform is actually a auction.
And so when you are buying ads on Facebook you're bidding against other advertisers who want that same
real estate as you want.
Like putting an ad in front of those same people on their Facebook news feed for example.
Now I would suggest you just leave this as automatic.
It works really well and it makes sure that Facebook sets them and help you get the most clicks at the
best prices.
There is an option here to set manual clicks but I would only recommend that you do this if you really
understand what you're doing and that you have worked out exactly how much a click is worth to you based
on how many people then converge on your Web site after that click or make a sale or whatever.
So it's a bit more of a complicated thing you have to understand all the calculations that every single
step.
And personally I think it's just a lot easier to stick to automatic bid amount.
You know how much you're going to spend on Facebook does a really good job of getting you clicks at
a good price.
Now moving down on from that you can see when you get charged.
So I'm purling click which is exactly what I want to do and not per impression.
So it's more just again making sure that everything is in place.
Next up we have our share jelling.
And you can shed Juliar odds for specific hours of the day or the week and note this option is only
available if you set a lifetime budget for your campaign Saddam is back up here at this section here
instead of a daily budget setting a lifetime budget.
And that really is set up that way so that Facebook can get you the clicks that he need with in a lifetime
budget.
And if it's restricted to doing that and cited daily bodges a it may not be able to get you those clicks
because you've said only certain timeframes.
Now this could be interesting for example if you want to offer a promotion for a local business at lunchtime
and capture people who can get a coupon at that specific time only.
Or if you have a business that only has certain opening hours and you want to show the ad for that local
business only when your business is open that can be a good option for that.
Finally we have delivery type.
I know that you have these little information buttons here if you're going through this and you kind
of forget exactly what these things are so you can choose as standard or accelerated delivery as standard
delivery as it says here is the recommended and preferred option for most advertisers.
And I would really recommend you leave this as well as standard delivery accelerated delivery can be
useful for promoting time sensitive events and really reaching that target audience quickly.
So if you wanted to spend all of your ad budget straight away you could use that accelerated delivery
option.
So that covers all of those advanced options that are available there.
And just to recap this is for just checking that everything was in order.
I haven't made any changes so you can hide these advanced options.
Now one thing to do at this stage is maybe note over here the estimated daily results after you set
all of your targeting options and placements and budgets you can have a look at how the estimated reach
is looking for your campaign and the daily like in clicks that you can be expected to do.
What I would recommend maybe at this stage is that you just know Dan these estimated daily results and
when you actually get your campaign results you can compare these and really get a sense then of accurate
as it was for your campaign.
So I'm just going to note down reach 440 just 2 6 0 0 and link clicks 4 to 27 per day.
So we can compare that in our reports afterwards.
The next thing to do is just go ahead and click this continue button.
So what I would recommend you do now is go ahead and set the budget for your campaign.
I'd recommend that you do start small because that's a great thing to really Kickoff first campaign.
Don't put yourself in a situation where you spend too much money.
So go ahead do that and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Are we getting into the level creating the image and text for you're out.
I'll see there.